# portfolio
The git commits contain each project submitted in course 210.
- Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
  - Project 2: Banking Application was a program built to calculate monthly deposits with user defined interest accumulation rate. This was solving an exigent need for the client needing an application to calculate balances after x years given a monthly deposit and anual interest.
- What did you do particularly well?
   - What I did well through this process is breakdown the project into manageable chunks that could be assigned to a method. For instance, the banking application robustness is particularly complex, however object-oriented programming supports code reuseability that is reflected here. The main method remained decluttered of driving code, but rather contained method calls to class-inherited methods. I did this part well as it makes debugging an easier task to accomplish by knowing where the main method ceased and which class-inherited method is problematic.
- Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
  - This code could be enhanced further by increasing method utilization. Specifically, a strong method is best written to handle many different cases, regardless of what type of data is being passed through. Instead of meatier methods, I would provide more parameterization (i.e., passing data as method parameters). This type of control would allow for a ll sort of variable propagation. Perhaps a single method to calculate the monthly deposit with and without annual interest.
- Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
  - I found coding tables to output correctly challenging as this was a strategy unique to C++ language. Having learned Python first, it was a learning curve. I am adding tools such as StackOverflow W3Schools and other prominent platforms to help understand issues as they arise.
- What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
  - I would say by understanding the different methods of approaching coding particular actions or knowing the limitation of a particular language over another helps decide which language to write that project in. For instance, C++ would be more effective because errors are caught at compiletime rather than runtime (Python).
- How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
  - I always leave detailed comments explaining all attributes and methods. I made this program more efficient and maintainable by creating a public/private constructor so so that the main method is not flooded with excess lines of code but rather simple calls to instantiated objects in main. By having very little code crowding main, this allows for easy traceback to find problems quicker.
